the ulises de james joyce e counts the
Journey of the Jew Leopold Bloom through
from the city of Dublin during the 16th of
June 1904 the book is based on the
Odyssey of Homer and consists of 18
chapters for each of which the
author designed a picture of symbols and
analogies with the original today is still
the ulises of homero in his great subjects
the homecoming of the hero ulises who
is leopold bloom the forge of the young son
of the absent ulises telemachus in the figure
of this flag what the fidelity of the
Penelope wife for jo says modi and for
end the recovery of good governance
Ittaka with the elimination of
aspiring to occupy the throne that has
left vacant the absence of ulises in
the joyce novel that pain for ireland
the lost kingdom runs through the entire text
Like a cry without consolation remember
now the first of the chapters of the
ulises de homero starts with the
invocation to the muse forced to put
that in Greece the work does not write it in
the age but that daughter of the god of
jupiter more precisely then it starts
the action with the son of ulises telemachus
forced to save
the kingdom of Ithaca in the absence of its
father to his mother and wife of ulises
Penelope would be the suitors
without any ambition other than to usurp the
kingdom in vacant seat since it was
wrote that text more than 2000 ago
years
telemachus has remained as an example of
orphanhood and immaturity surpasses
task that destiny has entrusted
protect the kingdom from the greed of kings
facts and rights
adult people forged in deception and
the war the atheistic goddess disguised as
minds visit you to give you advice and
solace on the character model
telemachus will also be built another of
the great ones of the fiction
hamlet prince of denmark the summary
of the action of this first chapter is
as follows in the martello tower if it is
DUBLIN around and walk
sea like hamlet castle the sign
live esteban de dalo with his friend the
gorrón book mulligan dude jovial and atheist
catholic esteban has just returned from
Paris where he has failed in his attempt
of becoming an artist a year ago
that his mother has died but he still lives
her orphanage with frequent flash backs
they have as guest the English haines that
despite being so, he wants to dedicate his life
to the study of Irish civilization
an old milkmaid brings them milk
breakfast
the trio then goes down to bathe in the cove
there is evoked lily a girlfriend of
seymour friend of book mulligan just got
battles mulligan who asks for the key of the
tower to esteban be conscious and the
delivery behold here in this first
chapter to telemaco bar 'hamlet' bar
They were living in ithaca barra el
hammer bar sign surrounded by
usurpers bum mulligan and is not what
are from esteban as anti was not from
telemachus and hamlet claudio visited
telemachus for attention to disguised insane
'hamlet' by the elf of his father and
they were in Ireland in the guise of an old woman
dairy after evoking the muse
lilia at bath time
Esteban will give the key to the tower
boom mulligan the usurper despite the
Friendly presence of animal seals
propitious that pastures the god of the sea
Proteus